Are you a Toastmaster who's planning on
traveling to Liverpool at some point in
time? Well, if you do, please do
yourself a favor and check out Liverpool
City Toast Masters. I had the chance to
attend this club, one of their meetings
recently, and I was blown away by the
experience. And in this video, you're
going to travel along with me almost in
a vlog style and see why this is one of
the coolest clubs I've ever had the
chance to visit. And toward the end of
the video, you'll even see me take on a
table topics question. Hopefully I don't
embarrass myself, so make sure you watch
all the way through. Visiting different
Toastmasters clubs around the world is
one of my favorite things to do when I
travel. And I was recently in England
near Andale, which is where some of my
wife's family lives. and searching on
Toastmasters's international website, I
sort of found out that outside of
London, there's not a huge amount of
clubs in the UK. There's there's a
decent amount, but there were fewer than
I expected. And so, Liverpool City Toast
Masters was the closest club option for
me to attend, but it was worth the train
ride. And so I'm staying with my lovely
wife's family in Aale and about to take
the train down to Liverpool to go to the
Liverpool City Toast Masters Club.
Excited for it. Follow along. I got off
at the Morfield stop and it's really
convenient because the old Cotton
Exchange, which is where Liverpool City
Toast Masters meets, is only about a
twob block walk from the station. And as
I was venturing through the streets, I
shot another quick clip when I finally
found the building. All right, I think I
found
the meeting spot. I think it's this
building. It says Cotton Exchange back
there. I think I have to be on the other
side. But I love Liverpool so much. It's
such a beautiful city and it's always a
great opportunity to meet a new club and
see how they do things maybe a little
bit differently. So, wish me luck.
Heading in. I eventually made it inside
and I was instantly greeted by several
toast masters who were congregating in
the lobby. Now, the meetings take place
on the sixth floor, but I think for this
particular meeting, there was another
group using the space, but this was a
great opportunity for me to introduce
myself to a few different people and get
a sense of the general vibe of the club.
And this was a theme I found throughout
the meeting is that Liverpool City Toast
Masters is beyond just a Toastmasters
club. There's a sense of culture and
community here. And I was also impressed
with the fact that about half maybe 40%
of the attendees were guests or they
were people who were supporting other
speakers giving their first speeches.
And that is such an incredible mix. I
know our local Toastmasters club here in
Canada and Colona, British Columbia,
where I'm from, we will get a guest
periodically, but rarely would we have
50% of the meeting being guests. And
that's somewhat of a regular theme, I
think, for Liverpool City Toast Masters.
And right away, guests are made to feel
welcome. I was greeted by several
different people. I chatted with Martin
and Roy and a few others, and everyone
was really friendly. And then we took
the elevator up to the sixth floor and
the meeting began. The theme of the day
was pick your pack and the word of the
day was tribe. And this ties nicely into
this idea that this club really does
feel like a tribe or a community.
And I was blown away by the quality of
speakers. Liverpool City Toast Masters
doesn't have a hybrid or a virtual
option. And one of the benefits of that
is the speakers weren't afraid to use
the entire stage. And you'll see in this
next video clip that I took when there
was an intermission in the middle of the
meeting. You'll see behind me the stage
setup is beautiful. They actually have a
stage where you can stand on if you
choose or just in front of the stage.
But the quality of speakers, their
ability to command the room, their
strategic movement was really evident.
And I was blown away by the talent of
some of these club members. So, as I
mentioned in the intermission, I did
shoot a quick video and you can kind of
see the buzz behind me, which gives a
sense of the special culture this group
has. So, halfway through the Liverpool
City Toast Masters Club and what a cool
venue that this is in. I love the
relaxed atmosphere. This seems like more
of a culture and a community than
anything. So many Toastmasters clubs are
a little bit more on the formal side
where you can see behind me, everyone's
interacting. They have a break. There's
coffee and water on the side. This is a
really cool club. And I wanted to shoot
this video so you could see the stage
behind me and just the energy. And the
theme of this meeting is pick your pack
and the word is tribe. And I think this
exemplifies it. During that break, I was
approached by the table topics master
who asked me if I'd be willing to take
on a question. And you know, I'm always
going to say yes to that opportunity.
And she grilled me with a tough
question. The question she asked for my
table topics was, "Imagine that your
pack," remembering that the theme was
pick your pack. "Imagine that your pack
gains superpowers, but it also comes
along with a hilarious weakness."
Explain that.
What a tough question. Talk about being
put on the spot, but I love a good
challenge. Here's how I responded to
that table topics question.
>> Imagine that your pack suddenly gain
superpowers,
>> but each power comes with a hilarious
weakness. Tell us more about this.
>> Thank you for the question. So, my pack
develops superpowers, but it comes with
a hilarious weakness. Well, the
superpower is the power of communication
to articulate very well. And this
happened to me because about 14 years
ago, I moved to Manchester. I was
studying at University of Salford and
I had some new roommates. And we might
think we all speak the same language, we
don't speak the same language. Case in
point, even though they were very great
communicators, and I think I'm a good
Canadian communicator, when it came to a
simple greeting, we had a bit of a
problem. See, in Canada, if I want to
know how you're doing, I say, "How's it
going?" or "What's up?"
But over there, in Manchester, they said
something a little different. They said,
"Are you all right?"
We don't say, "Are you all right?" in
Canada unless something is really wrong.
And so, as my flatmate said, "Are you
all right?" I panicked. My girlfriend
watched this. I turned away. I said,
"Did my mom call? Is everything okay
back home?
They love to be funny. And so I worked
with my girlfriend on this and trying to
get the lingo down because I wanted to
fit in and not have this hilarious
weakness as part of our super power. I
wanted to be part of the tribe. And so I
worked on it. I worked on it. So the
next time I saw my flatmates, they said,
"Mate, you all right?" I said, "Yes, are
you all right?"
Girlfriend stream and said, "You need to
dial down that a little bit." So, it was
a bit of a hilarious weakness, but I
think in our own ways, we were effective
communicators. Thanks for the question.
>> Overall, I absolutely loved my
experience visiting Liverpool City Toast
Masters. From the friendliness of the
members to the quality of the speakers
to the thoughtful evaluations. By the
way, I'm curious. Let me know in the
comments. One thing that this club does
that my club doesn't, but I really love
the concept of is that their evaluators.
So, the speaker evaluator is the one who
introduces the speaker. In our club,
it's the toastmaster that introduces
every speaker, but there they actually
bring up the evaluator. So, let me know
in the comments, is that how your club
does it? Because I think that there's
something nice about the speaker and the
evaluator connecting beforehand. So,
curious to get your thoughts there. But
as I mentioned, if you are in the
Liverpool area, check out Liverpool City
Toast Masters. You won't be
disappointed. I think you'll really
enjoy yourself. Before I sign off from
this video, I wanted to mention
something that I realized recently
looking through my YouTube analytics,
and that is that 90% of my viewers are
not subscribed. 90% of the people, nine
out of 10 of you watching this video
have not subscribed. And if you want to
help me grow my channel into public
speaking and improving communication
skills, which in my mind are one of the
most important things to help us thrive
in life, if that's something that's
important to you, hit that subscribe
button. It's the best way you can
support me and more importantly, it's
the best way you can improve your own
communication skills. Thank you so much
for watching this video. And if you
enjoyed the vlog style, check out this
other video that's popping up where I
visit a Toastmasters club in Japan.